[Music]
very good family how are you and well
the truth is that I am very much a deputy because
many times life disappoints me
society disappoints me I do not understand
what time in the world I live in I think
we were in a time in which
society had a little more fingers on its
forehead and did not listen to nonsense like
this it turns out that Marina has had
well our Marina Marina is such that
you may like people more or less there
are times when I agree with
her sometimes I don't but man if you
want to criticize the birds and +6 the favor
of not telling her that trans is worth the transvestite
the transvestite of Marina it's that I do not understand
why many people are attacking her
telling her that she looks like a transvestite okay maybe it's that no I don't
know if you want to
mess with someone's physique because you
think they are more or less handsome well the
same as you don't have many arguments
but calling her a transvestite I don't know I think we
are listening to her we are
listening to her speak and if she were that
would be a derogatory way of calling her
let's imagine that she were let's imagine that  is
that marina was born a man and
that's a way of taking away her
credibility and treating her
contemptuously which is not the case it is not
the case it is not but and if it were God
willing truth family I know that you of
the people who follow me come on I put my
hand in the fire that you are not like that but
surely this video will reach people who
make these types of comments
you are not ashamed it is literally do you
think that when you use these words
and these insults in quotes no
because it is not an insult it is something that there is
no need to be ashamed of the
person that would be missing for me to
have a bag of what I like
is in my house not in my bed listen to me we are
ashamed do you think you think you
insult someone in this way do you think
that putting someone in a bad way do
you not realize that you are [ __ ]
embarrassing and whatever you want bad and those who
decide about webb himself
are you and really no I am that
with these issues no because that marina no
longer matters to me
I do not care but well I believe that it is
used in  this type of terms today
as if it were some kind of insult
takes a step back society takes a step
back to society
a lot of support for marina okay that she has to
put up with this type of hate and these types
of comments that in the end are
hate crimes okay because when you are
trying to mess with someone simply
because of their sexual condition because of what they
like what they don't like to do in bed because of
their race because they have a disability
because of their skin color because of their nationality
are audio crimes okay I tell you
so you know and see them for real it
's that I can't say the thing I feel
ashamed many times when I see
messages like this I feel ashamed in the
society in which I live because many
times I don't believe that when we see the
cell phones we have the clothes we use
the cars we have I believe that
society is advanced and that we don't fall
for gorilla things but I don't see that there is
still a mind that has not yet
developed for hugs family
give her lots of love marina okay support her
there you have her twitter look for her and we will
see the next video how angry how
angry
[Music]